so Israel took his journey with all that
so Israel took his journey with all that he had and came to Beersheba and offered
he had and came to Beersheba and offered
he had and came to Beersheba and offered sacrifices to the god of his father
sacrifices to the god of his father
sacrifices to the god of his father Isaac then God spoke to Israel in the
Isaac then God spoke to Israel in the
Isaac then God spoke to Israel in the visions of the night Jacob
visions of the night Jacob
visions of the night Jacob Jacob
Here I am I am God the God of your
Here I am I am God the God of your father do not fear to go down to Egypt
father do not fear to go down to Egypt
father do not fear to go down to Egypt for I will make of you a great nation
for I will make of you a great nation
for I will make of you a great nation then I will go down with you to Egypt
then I will go down with you to Egypt
then I will go down with you to Egypt and I will also surely bring you up
and I will also surely bring you up
and I will also surely bring you up again and Joseph will put his hand on
again and Joseph will put his hand on
again and Joseph will put his hand on your eyes then Jacob arose from
your eyes then Jacob arose from
your eyes then Jacob arose from Beersheba and the sons of Israel carried
Beersheba and the sons of Israel carried
Beersheba and the sons of Israel carried their father Jacob their little ones and
their father Jacob their little ones and
their father Jacob their little ones and their wives in the carts which Pharaoh
their wives in the carts which Pharaoh
their wives in the carts which Pharaoh had sent to carry him so they took their
had sent to carry him so they took their
had sent to carry him so they took their livestock in their goods which they had
livestock in their goods which they had
livestock in their goods which they had acquired in the land of Canaan and went
acquired in the land of Canaan and went
acquired in the land of Canaan and went to Egypt Jacob and all his descendants
to Egypt Jacob and all his descendants
to Egypt Jacob and all his descendants with him his sons and his sons Sons his
with him his sons and his sons Sons his
with him his sons and his sons Sons his daughters and his sons daughters and all
daughters and his sons daughters and all
daughters and his sons daughters and all his descendants he brought with him to
his descendants he brought with him to
his descendants he brought with him to Egypt
now these were the names of the children
now these were the names of the children of Israel Jacob and his sons who went to
of Israel Jacob and his sons who went to
of Israel Jacob and his sons who went to Egypt Ruben was Jacob's Festo the sons
Egypt Ruben was Jacob's Festo the sons
Egypt Ruben was Jacob's Festo the sons of Reuben were hey knock Palu hezron and
of Reuben were hey knock Palu hezron and
of Reuben were hey knock Palu hezron and Carmi the sons of simeon were Jim Ewell
Carmi the sons of simeon were Jim Ewell
Carmi the sons of simeon were Jim Ewell Jamin Oh head jaqen so ha and sha the
Jamin Oh head jaqen so ha and sha the
Jamin Oh head jaqen so ha and sha the son of a Canaanite woman the sons of
son of a Canaanite woman the sons of
son of a Canaanite woman the sons of Levi Berger shun Kohath and Merari the
Levi Berger shun Kohath and Merari the
Levi Berger shun Kohath and Merari the sons of Judah were earth Onan Sheila
sons of Judah were earth Onan Sheila
sons of Judah were earth Onan Sheila Perez and zerah butter and Onan died in
Perez and zerah butter and Onan died in
Perez and zerah butter and Onan died in the land of Canaan the sons of pira's
the land of Canaan the sons of pira's
the land of Canaan the sons of pira's were hezron and Haman the sons of
were hezron and Haman the sons of
were hezron and Haman the sons of Issachar were Tola Pugh ver job and
Issachar were Tola Pugh ver job and
Issachar were Tola Pugh ver job and shimla the sons of Zebulun receded Ilan
shimla the sons of Zebulun receded Ilan
shimla the sons of Zebulun receded Ilan and jollily these were the sons of Leah
and jollily these were the sons of Leah
and jollily these were the sons of Leah whom she bought a Jacob in Paden era
whom she bought a Jacob in Paden era
whom she bought a Jacob in Paden era with his daughter Dinah all the persons
with his daughter Dinah all the persons
with his daughter Dinah all the persons his sons and his daughters were 33 the
his sons and his daughters were 33 the
his sons and his daughters were 33 the sons of GAD where's if a and Hagar
sons of GAD where's if a and Hagar
sons of GAD where's if a and Hagar sooner husband Irae a road a and a rely
sooner husband Irae a road a and a rely
sooner husband Irae a road a and a rely the sons of Asha were Jim nur Ishwara
the sons of Asha were Jim nur Ishwara
the sons of Asha were Jim nur Ishwara issue I pariah and sirrah
issue I pariah and sirrah
issue I pariah and sirrah their sister and the sons of Berea were
their sister and the sons of Berea were
their sister and the sons of Berea were Heba and malkia
Heba and malkia
Heba and malkia these were the sons of Zilpah whom Laban
these were the sons of Zilpah whom Laban
these were the sons of Zilpah whom Laban gave to Lia his daughter and these she
gave to Lia his daughter and these she
gave to Lia his daughter and these she bought a Jacob 16 persons the sons of
bought a Jacob 16 persons the sons of
bought a Jacob 16 persons the sons of Rachel Jacobs wife but Joseph and
Rachel Jacobs wife but Joseph and
Rachel Jacobs wife but Joseph and Benjamin and to Joseph in the land of
Benjamin and to Joseph in the land of
Benjamin and to Joseph in the land of Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim
Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim
Egypt were born Manasseh and Ephraim whom Asenath the daughter of Potiphar a
whom Asenath the daughter of Potiphar a
whom Asenath the daughter of Potiphar a priest of on board to him the sons of
priest of on board to him the sons of
priest of on board to him the sons of Benjamin were bela beaker Asheville gera
Benjamin were bela beaker Asheville gera
Benjamin were bela beaker Asheville gera naaman he hi
naaman he hi
naaman he hi gosh map him cut him and are these were
gosh map him cut him and are these were
gosh map him cut him and are these were the sons of Rachel who were born to
the sons of Rachel who were born to
the sons of Rachel who were born to Jacob 14 persons in all the son of Dan
Jacob 14 persons in all the son of Dan
Jacob 14 persons in all the son of Dan was Hugh ssin the sons of Naphtali were
was Hugh ssin the sons of Naphtali were
was Hugh ssin the sons of Naphtali were jazz el gouna Giza and Schiller these
jazz el gouna Giza and Schiller these
jazz el gouna Giza and Schiller these were the sons of biller whom Laban gave
were the sons of biller whom Laban gave
were the sons of biller whom Laban gave the rage of his daughter and she bore
the rage of his daughter and she bore
the rage of his daughter and she bore these to Jacob seven persons in all all
these to Jacob seven persons in all all
these to Jacob seven persons in all all the persons who went with Jacob to Egypt
the persons who went with Jacob to Egypt
the persons who went with Jacob to Egypt who came from his body
who came from his body
who came from his body besides Jacob's sons wives were 66
besides Jacob's sons wives were 66
besides Jacob's sons wives were 66 persons in all and the sons of Joseph
persons in all and the sons of Joseph
persons in all and the sons of Joseph who were born to him in Egypt were two
who were born to him in Egypt were two
who were born to him in Egypt were two persons all the persons of the house of
persons all the persons of the house of
persons all the persons of the house of Jacob who went to Egypt was 70
Jacob who went to Egypt was 70
Jacob who went to Egypt was 70 then he sent Judah before him to Joseph
then he sent Judah before him to Joseph
then he sent Judah before him to Joseph to point out before him the way to
to point out before him the way to
to point out before him the way to Goshen and they came to the land of
Goshen and they came to the land of
Goshen and they came to the land of Goshen
Goshen
Goshen [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so Joseph made ready his chariot and
so Joseph made ready his chariot and
so Joseph made ready his chariot and went up to Goshen to meet his father
went up to Goshen to meet his father
went up to Goshen to meet his father Israel and he presented himself to him
Israel and he presented himself to him
Israel and he presented himself to him and fell on his neck and Israel said to
and fell on his neck and Israel said to
and fell on his neck and Israel said to Joseph now let me die since I have seen
Joseph now let me die since I have seen
Joseph now let me die since I have seen your face because you are still alive
your face because you are still alive
your face because you are still alive then Joseph said to his brothers and to
then Joseph said to his brothers and to
then Joseph said to his brothers and to his father's household I will go up and
his father's household I will go up and
his father's household I will go up and tell Pharaoh and say to him my brothers
tell Pharaoh and say to him my brothers
tell Pharaoh and say to him my brothers and those of my father's house who were
and those of my father's house who were
and those of my father's house who were in the land of Canaan have come to me
in the land of Canaan have come to me
in the land of Canaan have come to me and the men are Shepherds for their
and the men are Shepherds for their
and the men are Shepherds for their occupation has been to feed livestock
occupation has been to feed livestock
occupation has been to feed livestock and they have brought their flocks their
and they have brought their flocks their
and they have brought their flocks their herds and all that they have so it shall
herds and all that they have so it shall
herds and all that they have so it shall be when Pharaoh calls you and says what
be when Pharaoh calls you and says what
be when Pharaoh calls you and says what is your occupation that you shall say
is your occupation that you shall say
is your occupation that you shall say your servants occupation has been with
your servants occupation has been with
your servants occupation has been with livestock from our youth even till now
livestock from our youth even till now
livestock from our youth even till now both we and also our fathers that you
both we and also our fathers that you
both we and also our fathers that you may dwell in the land of Goshen for
may dwell in the land of Goshen for
may dwell in the land of Goshen for every Shepherd is an abomination to the
every Shepherd is an abomination to the
every Shepherd is an abomination to the Egyptians